Adding docs around replication failover and recovery (#220)
open-contracting/deploy: docs/maintain/databases.rst

Mitigate downtime
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. Enable public access for to postgres on the source server.

   For example, for the ``kingfisher-process`` target, modify the ``pillar/kingfisher.sls`` file.

   .. code-block:: yaml

      postgres:
        public_access: True

#. :doc:`Deploy the main server<../../deploy/deploy>`
#. Update DNS records:

   #. Login to `GoDaddy <https://sso.godaddy.com>`__
   #. If access was delegated, open `Delegate Access <https://account.godaddy.com/access>`__ and click the *Access Now* button
   #. Open `DNS Management <https://dcc.godaddy.com/manage/OPEN-CONTRACTING.ORG/dns>`__ for open-contracting.org
   #. Update the replica's CNAME record to point to the main server's A record: for example, point ``postgres-readonly`` to ``kingfisher-process1``
   #. Wait for the changes to propagate, which depends on the original TTL value

Fix replication
---------------

#. Copy WAL archives from the main server to the replica server. 

   Replace ``example.open-contracting.org`` below with the postgres source server hostname.

   .. code-block:: bash

      service postgres stop
      sudo su - postgres

>       # Copy the SSH key for the postgres user to the postgres user on example.open-contracting.org

Reviewer: The postgres user has no SSH key, though.

.. code-block:: sql

   SELECT '16712'::regclass;

> 
> 

Reviewer: Omit extra newlines.

```suggestion
```

> Recovering the replica
> ----------------------

Reviewer: Use predicates, not gerunds.
```suggestion
Recover the replica
-------------------
```

> In the case that replication breaks or the replica server goes offline these are the steps to recover.
> There are two parts to this, mitigating the downtime and fixing replication.

Reviewer: Put paragraphs on a single line.

```suggestion
If replication breaks or the replica server goes offline, you must recover the replica, in two stages: mitigate the downtime, and fix the replication.
```

> Mitigating downtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mitigate downtime
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> # Enable public access to postgres on kingfisher-process1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enable public access to the PostgreSQL service on the main server
```

>    Modify ``pillar/kingfisher.sls`` setting the following pillar value

Reviewer: Put this after the code block. We start with generic instructions, then give specific examples.

```suggestion
   For example, for the ``kingfisher-process`` target, modify the ``pillar/kingfisher.sls`` file.
```

   .. code-block:: yaml

      postgres:
        public_access: True

# Deploy changes to kingfisher-process1

> 

Reviewer: We can omit newlines between consecutive list items. Link to other docs.

```suggestion
#. :doc:`Deploy the main server<../../deploy/deploy>`
```

Author: Fixed

# Update DNS

   Log into GoDaddy

   Point the postgres-readonly DNS endpoint at kingfisher-process1

   Wait for the DNS updates to complete. This will depend on the records TTL value.

> Done.

Reviewer: Use numbered lists for all individual instruction steps, not paragraphs. No need to say "done". The end of a list means "done".

```suggestion
#. Update DNS records:

   #. Login to `GoDaddy <https://sso.godaddy.com>`__
   #. If access was delegated, open `Delegate Access <https://account.godaddy.com/access>`__ and click the *Access Now* button
   #. Open `DNS Management <https://dcc.godaddy.com/manage/OPEN-CONTRACTING.ORG/dns>`__ for open-contracting.org
   #. Update the replica's CNAME record to point to the main server's A record: for example, point ``postgres-readonly`` to ``kingfisher-process1``
   #. Wait for the changes to propagate, which depends on the original TTL value
```

Author: Fixed

> Fixing replication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix replication
---------------
```

> # Copy over source replica log archives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Copy WAL archives from the main server to the replica server. For example:
```

Author: Fixed

>   .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. code-block:: bash
```

This should be 3-space indentation.

     service postgres stop
     sudo su - postgres

>      rsync -avz postgres@process1.kingfisher.open-contracting.org:/var/lib/postgresql/11/main/archive/ /var/lib/postgresql/11/main/archive/

Reviewer: The postgres user on the replica server has SSH access to the postgres user on the process server, and without having to port knock?

Author: Fixed

     exit
     service postgres start

> # Monitor the replica logs, you'll see it recovering from the WAL files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Monitor the replica logs. You should see messages about recovery from WAL files.
```

  .. code-block:: bash

     tail -f /var/log/postgresql/postgresql-11-main.log

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If everything goes wrong and you can fall back to rebuilding the replica from source, see :ref:`postgres setup docs<pg-setup-replication>`.

Reviewer: What's an example of "everything goes wrong"?

```suggestion
If all else fails, then you can fallback to rebuilding the replica. See :ref:`pg-setup-replication`.
```
